Fuck me.
Hi, Job.
- You're out.
- I'm out.
Listen, I know why you're here,
but I cannot help you.
Hey!
Just give me the address, Job.
Why are you even
assuming I know how to--
no, no, no, no!
Motherfucker!
Quit breaking my shit.
Baby, you know how this works.
The trail is cold.
Okay, okay, okay!
Just... stop the carnage.
You've got the whole world
in front of you
and you're going
to the one place
you absolutely should not go.
What, are you crazy?!
Hey!
Sync for DEMAND by achelec
www.addic7ed.com
Morning, everyone.
I've reviewed the defense's
motion to dismiss.
And based on the evidence,
or the lack thereof,
it's my opinion
that the prosecution
- cannot sustain the burden for a trial...
- Are you kidding me?
- Your Honor--
- ...so I'm finding for the defense.
Case dismissed.
You can't take this
to trial, Gordon.
You should be thanking me
for saving you
the embarrassment.
- Gordon.
- Jackson.
That a judge in your pocket
or you just happy to see me?
Mr. Mayor.
- Jesus Christ, Gordon.
- Oh, pace yourself, Dan.
Our day will come.
Guys like Kai Proctor
don't go down easy.
Carrie.
Hey.
You'll get him
next time, Counselor.
Yeah, I am ready
for this day to be over.
Again?
Yeah.
It's nothing
to freak out about.
We're not freaking out.
We're just talking to you.
My point is we don't solve
our problems with violence.
I just completed another level.
Yeah, it happens
every day, Dad.
I just can't believe that
you kicked your teacher.
- Substitute teacher.
- Oh, well, it's okay, then.
He's a perv, Mom.
He tried to see down my shirt.
Well, with a shirt like that,
it doesn't take much trying.
- So it's my fault?
- Gordon.
So if I get molested
by a teacher,
- you'll just blame it on my shirt?
- No, no. Go.
- Deva, come on.
- Okay, all right.
Max, honey, you have your inhaler?
Dr. Welling referred Max
to another pulmonologist.
We have an appointment
next week.
Okay. Great.
- Is your shoulder bad today?
- Ah, it's just the usual.
It'll be all right.
I think I might grab a shower.
- Okay.
- Okay?
That's Beaty. Later.
- You're late, bitch.
- Whatever, skank.
So, are you in shit
with your parents?
Yeah, when am I not?
Howdy.
I'm gonna go with shitty day
and whiskey neat.
Whiskey's fine.
And one for yourself.
Are you coming or going?
I'm still working that out.
That's me, Sugar Bates
in the cruiserweight years.
When'd you drop him?
Fifth?
Eighth.
He was a southpaw.
They take longer.
See, it was a title fight.
I held the belt for 18 months.
I used to hang it
right up there.
You know?
A good conversation piece.
But with this tough
economy, I had to pawn it
a little while back
to pay for the leaking taps.
That's a shame.
Where are you from?
Different places.
Where'd you sit?
Roscoe.
I did eight years at Allenwood.
You look fresh.
Freedom.
Always this quiet around here?
Well, let's stimulate
the local economy.
Next round's on me.
All right.
All you tourists
buying me drinks today.
I'm not a tourist.
My name is Lucas Hood.
And come Monday, I'm being
sworn in as the new sheriff.
Congratulations.
Or should we say good luck?
I'll take both, thanks.
I spent nine years as sheriff
up in Church, Oregon.
You ever heard of it?
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
It's the armpit of the West.
This is my first day east.
I just drove clear
across the country.
There's less to see
than you'd think.
I thought the sheriff
had to be elected.
Usually, but under
certain circumstances,
the mayor can
bring in a ringer.
He and Sheriff Morgan
are the ones who hired me, so...
I was looking forward to
meeting them when I got here.
Yeah, well,
that'd be quite a trick
since he died last Tuesday.
Liver cancer.
I think he thought
he had more time.
Aw, shit.
Your boss know you're here?
Don't worry about him.
You know the drill.
Look at this guy.
Excuse me.
Are we disturbing you?
No, not at all.
This is just a very good steak.
And I know that once I stand
up to deal with you fellas--
well, maybe you'll come quietly
or maybe I'll have to kill you--
but either way, this steak
is gonna get cold.
And you can always
reheat a steak,
but it's never quite the same.
Hmm?
You got some balls on
you, motherfucker.
Sheriff's Department.
I'll take that gun now.
No, you drop your fucking gun.
That's the new STI, isn't it?
- That's a hard gun to get.
- Who the fuck is this guy?
- You sit your ass down.
- All right, hear me out, Sheriff.
- They got you outgunned.
- Damn straight we do.
While on the other hand,
if he shoots,
one of you boys is dead
or shitting in a bag
the rest of his life.
For what?
The 200 bucks
Sugar has in the register
at 4:00 p.m.
on a Tuesday? Come on.
So, Sheriff, why don't you
let them take the cash?
Just let them take it.
I'll buy enough drinks
to make him whole.
Everyone goes home happy.
What do you say?
Come on.
Ah!
Oh, God!
Am I dead?
Yeah.
It's my first day in town.
Shit!
Sorry.
I hope my mother
was right about God.
Jesus ripshit Christ.
This is what you call
in the Bible
a "clusterfuck
of epic proportions."
Two cons, three corpses,
one of them a cop.
I don't like that math.
You'd better get out of here.
Well, they would have
killed me same as him.
The least I can do
is give you a head start.
What about you?
I got a few tricks.
Go on, now.
Get out of here.
Hi, Ana.
How did you find me?
It was Job.
It's a nice house.
Yeah. It seems, um...
uh, solid.
So, what do you have, two kids?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
How old?
My son is eight.
My daughter is 13.
Hmm.
She looks older.
I can smell
your perfume from here.
Please, you're gonna
have to leave.
Please. Please.
Ana.
I'm not Ana anymore.
My name is Carrie.
Where were you?
- I tried to visit.
- No. 15 years.
- I drove up to those gates.
- You were here playing fucking house?
You have no idea
how many times.
Don't you tell me that.
Where the fuck were you?!
I don't have to
justify myself to you.
I have responsibilities.
I have children.
Okay?
I have a husband who loves me.
No.
- It's me.
- Don't. I can't.
You could have led Rabbit
straight to me.
What the fuck
were you thinking?
Okay.
You moved on.
I get it.
So give me my cut and
you'll never see me again.
I don't have the diamonds.
What? What?
After we screwed
Rabbit like that
- and you had gotten caught--
- No, no, I did not get caught!
- There were two of us there that night!
- Shh, shh!
- I led them away from you!
- I know.
Listen, I tried to fence them.
The guys I found, these real
bottom-feeders-- Serbians...
they saw me coming.
You're telling me
you got rolled?
Does it look like
I'm sitting on $10 million?
Mm.
I don't get the girl.
I don't get the money.
I spent 15 years
picturing this day,
and I gotta tell you, this is
not how I saw it playing out.
I'm so sorry.
I am so fucking sorry.
- Hey, babe, you out here?
- Shit.
Yeah.
Hey, honey.
Raccoon.
Christ.
You trying to kill me?
Have you picked a spot yet?
Ha.
You one of them
complicated types.
Is that it?
Nah, some people just don't
know simple when they see it.
Sh...
Don't seem right
burying the sheriff
with that pond scum.
What, do you wanna
dig him his own hole?
Yeah, that'd be
the Christian thing to do.
That you?
- No.
- Hello?
- Sheriff Hood, it's Mayor Dan Kendall.
Am I catching you
at a bad time?
Sheriff?
Are you there?
- Yeah, this is Hood.
- How's the drive going?
A lot less to see
than you'd think.
Well, I just wanted
to confirm tomorrow.
You'll be in town by then?
- Should be, yeah.
- Great.
So that's 1:00
at Miles' Diner.
I look forward to finally
meeting you in person.
Great.
I'll see you then.
Now tell me you got some
kind of master plan here.
Well, I usually just
get by with my charm.
- Hishi Salon.
- I need a favor.
And I need $5,000
for all the shit you broke.
- I'll make it 10.
- Fuck you!
Speak.
I need to become someone else.
Honey child, don't we all?
Someone specific.
Name?
Lucas Hood
of Church, Oregon.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Unless he's
a motherfuckin' cop.
Are you kidding me?
I need it quick, Job.
Baby, you just sat for 15 years
because you were the most
notorious thief in the country.
Now you want to play cop?
- Can you do it? - I mean, I have to hack
law enforcement databases,
swap out fingerprints
and photo IDs,
- find any news article that might
have run a picture-- - So you can't do it?
Suck my tit, bitch!
Of course I can do it.
Take a couple days.
As for the credentials, I can get you
the papers, but the badge itself--
I got the badge.
I don't even wanna know.
You know, some cons,
the minute they get out,
they're just trying
like hell to get back in.
I'm not going back.
Yeah, well, you got
a revolutionary way
of staying out of trouble.
Here.
The pickup belonged
to the sheriff.
Thanks.
Hey.
You got a place to stay?
No one's ever stolen
from Rabbit.
Okay.
Hey, go in back
and stay out of sight.
- What for?
- Go now.
Morning, Sugar.
Kai.
How are the headaches?
Did those Mexican
painkillers I got you help?
They did.
Thanks.
What brings you around?
I seem to have misplaced
two of my men--
Randall and Munson.
Munson, the bald one?
One of the boys thought
they might have been
headed out this way
yesterday afternoon.
Well, they didn't come here.
If they did,
I'd have taken notice.
If any of my employees
ever stepped out of line,
hassled you in any way,
I'd expect you to call me.
What I mean is I wouldn't want you to
take matters into your own hands.
Look at me.
Nobody runs from a fight
faster than an old fighter.
What happened
to your title fight?
Oh, I knocked it
off the hook the other night,
busted up the frame.
I'm having it redone.
- Thanks for the drink.
- You're welcome.
You let me know if you need
any more of those painkillers.
That's some car.
Look, if you're thinking of
stealing from Kai Proctor,
you may as well take a bullet and
put it in your head right now.
Kai Proctor.
There is a name.
What the man
doesn't own, he runs.
What he doesn't run,
he burns to the ground.
He seemed to like you
well enough.
We go back a ways.
- Uh-huh.
- Listen.
You don't seem like the kind
of guy who takes advice...
but I'm gonna try anyway.
There's $400.
Take it and go.
- I can't.
- Look around.
- You're free, man.
- No.
Pay you back in a few days.
Good to meet you.
Lucas Hood.
How are-- how--
Excuse me.
- Say hi to Amy.
- Thank you.
- Sheriff Hood?
- That's right.
It's great to meet you.
Yeah, you, too.
I know, I look young,
but that's just because I am.
Have a seat.
Job, two suits, badly tailored.
They're looking for you.
Cops?
Let's hope so.
I want all the backup
drives in the car now.
Keep the engine running.
Gentlemen, we don't
actually open till 10:00,
but if you'll follow me
back upstairs,
I'm sure we can find
somewhere to fit you in.
Down here might be better for the
private nature of our inquiry.
Inquiry? Hmm.
May I see some ID?
This ain't a badge.
No... it's not.
Fucking slope cunt!
We work for Mr. Rabbit.
Sweet fuck.
The guy you're looking for
came in a couple of days ago.
And what did he want?
Just the usual, man--
credit cards, IDs.
- Where is he now?
- I'll tell Mr. Rabbit whatever he wants,
but I've no idea.
O-Okay, okay, okay!
I'll get the file!
It's in the safe.
That would be helpful.
♪ ...thing you want
me to be, baby ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba-baby ♪
♪ For you, I'm going crazy ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Love, love, love, love me ♪
♪ I'll be anything... ♪
♪ You want me to be, baby ♪
♪ Ba-- ♪
Drive.
So I pissed off some
people when I hired you.
But every sheriff
that we've had,
including Morgan,
ended up on Proctor's payroll,
so I needed an outsider.
So you brought me in here
to take down this one guy?
This Proctor?
He's not just one guy,
all right?
There's not a criminal
enterprise around here
that doesn't start
or end in his pockets.
Now, I know you don't
work till Monday,
but I wanna show you the Cadi.
The Cadi?
The old Sheriff's Department
burned down three years ago.
City Hall was pretty strapped.
Froemer's Cadillac had just
gone under, so we got creative.
Girl, you're
gonna leave that man
and you're gonna
leave that man tonight.
- Mm-mm.
- Alma.
Um, I'll call you later.
Meet Lucas Hood.
- Good to meet you, Alma.
- Sheriff Hood.
Great to meet you.
Mm-hmm.
- Afternoon, Mayor.
- This is Lucas Hood.
This is Emmett Yawners.
He's one of the top 10 rushers
of all time at Penn State.
- Good to meet you.
- Welcome to the BSD.
And this is Brock Lotus,
our longest-serving member
of the department.
That right?
How are you doing, Sheriff?
You fucking fascist!
I didn't even do anything.
Oh, yeah, you're
a model citizen.
You try and fight me again,
I remove your
fucking testicles.
- Hi.
This is Lucas Hood.
It's your new boss.
Well, shit, Danny, you
could have said so sooner.
I'm Siobhan Kelly.
- My name's Peter.
- Shut the fuck up!
Siobhan, I was thinking maybe you could
show the sheriff the town of Banshee.
Oh, I'd love to, but I have to
write up Charlie Sheen over here.
Actually, I'd love a tour
from the longest-serving
member of the department.
All right, so why don't we start
on the outskirts of town?
There's an Indian casino.
Work our way back.
Did I catch you on a bad day
or you always this cheerful?
Aw, shit.
What's going on?
Moody boys build furniture
and the Amish mills have been
driving down their prices.
We've, uh--
we've had incidents.
They won't hit back.
Oh, you've seen "Witness."
Yeah, that's great.
Why don't you let me
handle this, huh?
- Yeah, sure.
- Hood, Hood!
Whoops!
We don't--
we want no trouble.
Hey!
Why don't we all
just take a moment,
talk about this?
Who the fuck are you?
Lucas Hood.
I'm the new sheriff.
Hey, Lotus, I thought
you were supposed
to take over
when Morgan kicked.
Yeah, well, you and me both.
Hey! Cole.
That's enough.
I'm sure your wife's
got better things to do
than bail your ass
out of jail today.
- I'm not through messing with them.
- Yeah, you are.
If you're the sheriff,
why aren't you in uniform?
I don't start till Monday.
So there's nothing stopping us
from fucking your shit up
today, then, huh?
Yeah. I hoped you'd
make that connection.
- All right.
- Easy, Deputy. I got this.
So, come on, Cole...
fuck my shit up.
All right, just to be clear,
I'm gonna be pounding
a civilian--
Come on, motherfucker.
Get up!
Get his ass, Cole.
Get his ass!
That's enough, Cole.
Mr. Proctor.
Your four-on-one advantage
wasn't enough?
You needed this?
Come on, guys.
Hold on.
These men are on a schedule.
Why don't you boys help
them load their wagons?
Yes, sir.
Come on.
You are?
- Lucas Hood.
- The new sheriff.
Fucking Dutchie.
This isn't over.
Kai Proctor.
Sorry if I stepped
on your toes there.
- Mr. Proctor, what exactly do you do?
- I'm in meats.
Why don't you stop by
the slaughterhouse?
I'll set you up
with some nice steaks.
_
Hey, Lotus, I'm gonna walk.
You're welcome, by the way.
♪ Are you happy
with yourself? ♪
♪ Are you happy with
yourself? ♪
♪ I hope you're happy,
but I don't think so ♪
♪ I don't think so, I don't ♪
- ♪ Are you happy with yourself? ♪
- I-- I have to go.
Come on, stay with me.
- See you later.
- What?
But I love you.
- Whoa! You okay?
- Yeah, my bad.
Okay.
It's all right.
13 years old, my ass.
Hey. Sorry,
you dropped this.
- Thanks.
- Shouldn't you be in school?
Yeah, I should.
Can't your boyfriend
take you back?
Who says he's my boyfriend?
Well, I hope he's not
your brother.
P&Ls.
Our numbers are down
at both strip clubs?
With the economy what it is...
Men will pay for tits
until they're broke or dead.
Fix that, Burton.
You said you wanted to see me?
It's a relatively
humane procedure.
We stun the beasts with a
pneumatic captive bolt gun--
one of these.
One bolt to the brain
does the trick.
Then we cut them
and they quietly bleed out.
- Listen, um--
- The Old Order Pennsylvania Dutch
don't like being
called "Dutchies."
It's derisive.
I believe I heard you call my
father a "fucking Dutchie."
I was just running my mouth.
I-I didn't know
he was your father.
Now you take your teeth
and put them back
in your fat, bigoted mouth
and get the fuck out of here.
Back in your mouth, I said.
Why don't you see
Mr. Moody out?
You.
- They get your size wrong?
- No, I'm good.
Bring the pants to the
Martinizing over by the diner.
They'll take them in for you.
All right, thanks.
I'll do that.
You got any family
coming to the swearing in?
No, I don't have any family,
coming or not.
Well, we'll all be there
and at Proctor's
reception after.
Reception?
Say what you will
about Proctor,
but the man knows
how to throw a party.
There.
Now that's what
a sheriff looks like.
- I do solemnly swear...
that I will support,
protect, and defend...
the Constitution and government
of the United States...
and of the State
of Pennsylvania...
that I have no knowledge
of any circumstance...
- past or present...
that would disqualify me from the
assignment of this office...
- that I have neither given...
nor will give any person
any gratuity, gift, fee,
or reward in consideration
of support for this office...
nor will give any person
any gratuity, gift, fee,
or reward in consideration
of support for this office...
that I am duly qualified
to hold office...
under the Constitution
of the state...
and that I will well
and faithfully perform...
the duties of Banshee
County Sheriff...
the office of which
I now enter...
so help me God.
So help me God.
Understated as usual.
You just charged the man
with racketeering.
Now you're at his party.
Only in Banshee.
Sheriff Hood.
Mr. Proctor.
This is some shindig.
You'll find that Banshee
is not the backwater town
it sometimes pretends to be.
You enjoy yourself.
I'll check in on you soon.
Sure.
Sheriff Hood.
Gordon Hopewell.
- We met at the swearing in.
- The DA, right?
Honey, come over
and meet our new sheriff.
Hi.
Lucas Hood.
Great to meet you.
Carrie?
I'm sorry.
I'm not myself tonight.
No?
Who are you, then?
Good to meet you,
Mrs. Hopewell.
I'm telling you, there's
something wrong with that guy.
He went through the Moody boys
like they were cardboard.
So you're upset that our
sheriff knows how to fight?
It wasn't just
fighting, Emmett.
It was fucking combat.
Sheriff Hood,
I'd like you to meet
Chief Benjamin Longshadow
of the local Kinaho Tribe,
a good friend and a great
man revered in Banshee.
Good to meet you, Chief.
Likewise, Sheriff Hood.
My son Alex.
- Hi.
- Hey, Alex.
When you get settled,
my tribal council
wants to honor you
with a dinner.
On the reservation, of course.
Yeah, um, that sounds great.
You'll--
you'll excuse me?
A sheriff?
Are you kidding me?
They have a great health plan.
Pshh, you're not gonna
need it in prison.
You used to have
more faith in me.
Why are you doing this?
You know why.
Come here for a sec.
I don't believe this.
It's an old Sargent safe.
I can't get in there, but you
could do it in your sleep.
- Jesus.
- Come on, it's the least you can do.
No.
What you're doing, it's crazy.
- If you don't end it, I will.
- Yeah?
You're in no position
to blow any whistles,
Mrs. Hopewell.
You're insane.
Honey, I'm feeling
pretty tired.
You're preaching to the choir.
I think we've stayed
long enough.
Kai, thanks for having us.
Sure.
Glad you stopped by.
This isn't awkward at all.
Oh, my God!
Proctor!
- Get here.
- Just stay there.
Get down, get down.
Please.
Dutchie motherfucker!
Taxi!
Knight to rook four.
Yours.
Pishak to queen three.
So, no documents,
no software, no hardware.
Everything in this
hairdresser's, burned?
Yes.
Queen to knight two.
Checkmate.
You will find them both...
quickly.
♪ You like ♪
♪ To entertain ♪
♪ Then you try to get away ♪
♪ Danger sign ♪
♪ To end up ♪
♪ On the pavement ♪
♪ You choose
the bright surrender ♪
♪ Come alive,
I got a lot to lose ♪
♪ Games designed to rip up ♪
♪ All the traces. ♪
Sync for DEMAND by achelec
www.addic7ed.com